W-11026177 Amazon S3 6.0 (#1946)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-s3/6.0/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-s3-connector-studio.adoc

. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
. In the *Add Dependencies to Project* window, type `amazon s3` in the search field.
. Click *Amazon S3* in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

Adding a connector to a Mule project in Studio does not make that connector available to other projects in your Studio workspace.

[[configure-source]]
== Configure a Source

A source initiates a flow when a specified condition is met.
You can configure one of these sources to use with Amazon S3:

* *On Deleted Object*
+
Initiates access to your app when an Amazon S3 object is deleted
+
* *On New Object*
+
Initiates access to your app when an Amazon S3 object is created

For example, to configure an *On Deleted Object* source, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Amazon S3 > On Deleted Object*.
. Drag *On Deleted Object* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *On Deleted Object* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify values for the following fields:
+
* *Bucket name* +
Name of the bucket containing the multipart upload to abort
* *Notification queue name* +

> Amazon SQS queue name used to notify users when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon SQS queue name used to notify users when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket
```

> If omitted, a default queue name with prefix MULE-S3-TRIGGER-<event-type>-QUEUE-<'bucket-name'> is created and used. Where even-type is either NEW/REMOVED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If omitted, a default queue name with prefix `MULE-S3-TRIGGER-<event-type>-QUEUE-<bucket-name>` is created and used. Where even-type is either `NEW` or `REMOVED`.
```

> NOTE: As the default queue is created (if not specified) and the source uses SQS:Received to poll for the event notifications connector needs following SQS permissions: sqs:CreateQueue, sqs: GetQueueAttributes, sqs: SetQueueAttributes, sqs: GetQueueUrl, sqs: ReceiveMessage, sqs: DeleteMessage*

Reviewer: This is confusing and should be rewritten. I think it is missing some "the"s.
Also:
As > Because (as implies time)
SQS:Received > SQS *Received* operation??? (not sure if this is an operation) - global for the other SQS operations in this text.
